Scoring system
    Number of tiles in group = number of points? Look for other examples of scoring systems.
        Bonus for groups of more than 3 or multiple groups?
    Initial time of 1 minute.
    Add time for each time a valid match is done.
        Bonus for groups of more than 3 or multiple groups?
        Think about a hard cap (5 min?) or some kind of soft cap.
            Soft cap -> added time needs to have dimishing returns or some mechanism to make it impossible to go infinite.
                Mechanism can be to cap added time to the min time the animation takes. Think about multiple matches in one swap (cascades).

Better Bot
    Make a function that maximizes the score.
        Find the swap that gives the best score in a given board.
            Take into account tiles that fall.

High scores
    Save in plain text or encrypt?
    If encrypt, how and where to store the key.

Nicer GUI and effects
    Message for when board needs to be regenerated because no more valid moves or fail to populate.
    Show score somewhere.
    Maybe show high scores to beat.
    Show timer.
    Show some nice effect when adding to score or to timer. A flashy number next to it or make it bigger and change color for a moment.
    Add transparency to fading when a match is done.
    This will need to put extra stuff that is not the board, so the window can't be square anymore. Need to adapt win coords of board in all draw/animation functions.
    Buttom for Menu (pause)
    Anti-aliasing: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23852917/antialiasing-shapes-in-pygame

Menus
    Welcome menu with:
        New Game
            Choose size
            Choose difficulty? easy, normal, hard -> change number of colors at certain size
        High scores
            View per size
        Settings/Preferences
            Save to file.
        About
    Press ESC to pause
        Show menu. Make sure it blocks the whole screen to block the user to using it as a way to gain more time to watch the board.
        
Audio
    Backgroun music
    Sound effects
        match
        dissapear
        swap
        shift down?
        timer about to run?
    Settings/Preferences -> turn on/off music and effects

Resizing
    Doesn't work very well in Linux
    Test not forcing the window size to a specific shape.
        Window shape (ratio) shouldn't matter, adapt GUI to it.
            Either stretch or expand stuff or have a fixed ratio and put black bars at top/bottom or left/right depending on size.
